[Music]
13 professional secrets for awesome
smartphone photos did you know that you
can take underwater pictures without a
protective case or make shots from above
without the help of a drone we've
gathered several secrets from
professionals on how to get outstanding
photos with just your smartphone don't
forget to like this video and you will
find a small bonus trick
[Music]
number thirteen a headset as a shutter
release how do you use your headset to
listen to music right do you know a less
obvious perk of your hands-free device
it can be used as a shutter release to
try this new option connect your headset
to the smartphone open the camera app
and press the plus button your picture
is ready
[Music]
number twelve hands-free selfies the
next step will be really practical for
those who travel alone or it can be
useful for those in big companies who
try to fit everyone in one selfie
picture and fail to do so someone is
always out of the frame or the
photographers hand covers the camera to
solve these issues make a super simple
support take a plastic card you don't
need and bend it twice so you can put
your phone steadily into one of the
bends use your headset or a timer to
take a picture number 11
panoramic twins
[Music]
this secret is cool for those who love
creative photos you can use the panorama
function to make twins or even triplets
in a single shot without photo editing
select the panoramic mode set the person
in place and start moving the phone in
any direction as soon as the person is
out of frame stop or slow down while
you're doing that your model should run
around your back and stand in the next
frame you won't believe how much fun
this process is and what an amazing
result you can get
[Music]
number ten a little earth if you are
tired of ordinary photos use various
applications to add interesting effects
for instance role world app can make a
little earth out of any shot now we will
tell you how to do it and you in turn
don't forget to like our video you
should download the app and upload a
panoramic shot or just an interesting
photo you have taken play with the
settings a bit let your imagination fly
and you'll get a unique picture
[Music]
number nine underwater shooting what if
you're at a seaside jumping in the waves
or in the swimming pool lazing around in
an inflatable lounge and suddenly you
feel an irresistible urge to digitize
this moment shooting underwater is much
more convenient with a smartphone than a
camera and you don't even need a
protective case put your phone into an
empty glass and then lower the glass
into the water to take your photo be
careful don't splash and let water get
inside to take the picture use your
headset for deeper underwater shots make
a good use of a condo put it on on your
phone and the device will become
waterproof yet a sensitive as usual
[Music]
number eight use a reflector
it might get a bit tricky when you make
portraits with the help of your
smartphone they sometimes require
additional lighting for more depth and
brightness but you know what any
reflective surface will suffice for
example take a solar reflector if you
lack this undoubtedly useful device just
use plain tinfoil reflective material
will help to brighten dark areas or add
some glare
[Music]
number 7 use HDR what is HDR it's the
function which combines several shots of
different brightness into one what do
you need it for this makes your pictures
brighter and more colorful open the
camera turn on HDR and take a shot some
smart phones often switch this function
on automatically when they consider your
photo not up to their standards oh this
world of new technologies remember that
photos made in this mode take up more
space in your device's memory so use
this function only for special occasions
when you want to have a photo of the
sunset green trees beautiful flowers and
soul
[Music]
number six attach your phone to a
balloon do you feel adventurous do you
want to save money but have pool photos
from above don't forget to like our
video and we will tell you how you don't
have to spend a fortune on an expensive
drone to take in air shot you can just
attach your phone to a balloon don't
laugh it works
take a large balloon filled with helium
thoroughly attach your phone and a
strong thread to it let the balloon go
and take a shot with the help of the
timer if you decide to brave doing it
please put a protective case on your
phone and turn on the phone search
function in case something goes wrong
[Music]
number five macro shots
sometimes you see a caterpillar of an
unusual color and say wow
but macro shots aren't the strongest
feature of smartphones there is a way
out
you can fix this disadvantage with the
help of one small lens a lens can be
found in any laser pointer or a pocket
flashlight attach the lens to the
smartphone with a pen an adhesive tape
now you can take awesome macro pictures
[Music]
number four sunglasses as a polarizing
filter one more question for you how
exactly do you use your sunglasses for
eye protection hmm how about using them
as a filter for making more dramatic
photos sunglasses can make water more
lucid get rid of glare and make the sky
prettier just take the shot through the
lens if you want to dispose of the glare
make sure the sunglasses you use are
polarized
[Music]
number three add Claire
if you want to get rid of the glare use
polarized lenses it's clear but what if
you want to achieve the opposite effect
a beautiful color glare can make your
shot unique all you need is a piece of
colored half transparent paper take some
colored paper and place it near the edge
of the lens to create a colorful glare
you can also take the shot through it to
add an interesting rainbow effect number
two effect of a pinhole do you want to
add more drama to your picture use a
pinhole effect it demands no effort at
all just a piece of cardboard perfect
paper cut a hole in it and take a photo
through the hole and you will get a
frame around your shot you can
experiment with the materials and hole
sizes
[Music]
number one use other images if your
inner artist demands action your
smartphone can help you to make a funny
selfie collage you can find an image on
the web or make it yourself to add an
element from another picture to your
self-portrait this trick depends only on
your imagination so let it go here's our
bonus a small trick that works wonders
use an ordinary rubber eraser to clean
your phone camera believe it it works
wonders and makes a difference now you
know everything about making amazing
shots using your smartphone hit the like
button and share this video with your
friends to help them become as
professional as you are
[Music]
you